Pete/provider metadata (#169)
open-feature/spec: specification/sections/02-providers.md

##### Requirement 2.2.6

> The `provider` **SHOULD** populate the `resolution details` structure's `flag metadata` field. 

> > `flag metadata` **MUST** be a structure supports definition of arbitrary properties, with keys of type `string`, and values of type `boolean | string | number`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `flag metadata` **MUST** be a structure supporting the definition of arbitrary properties, with keys of type `string`, and values of type `boolean | string | number`.
```

// example structure flag value resolution with generic argument
ResolutionDetails<MyStruct> resolveStructureValue(string flagKey, MyStruct defaultValue, context: EvaluationContext);
```
##### Requirement 2.2.9

> The `provider` **SHOULD** populate the `resolution details` structure's `flag metadata` field. 

> > `flag metadata` **MUST** be a structure supporting the definition of arbitrary properties, with keys of type `string`, and values of type `boolean | string | number`.

Reviewer: Good catch.

Ya I think this should be broken into 2 requirements. If they are closely related they could be made into `2.2.9.1` and `2.2.9.2` under a common heading.

> > `flag metadata` **MUST** be a structure supporting the definition of arbitrary properties, with keys of type `string`, and values of type `boolean | string | number`.

Author: done
